# Machine Learning Final Project: The Movie Recommender  
The Movie Recommender is a project that analyzes movie reviews found on the New York Times website. It takes the movies on the basis of movie title, summary of the movie, critic's review, rating, whether it's a critics pick, and many more.
# Description
For our machine-learning project, we decided to analyze movie reviews on the New York Times on the basis of synopses, article descriptions, and other tag variables, and give recommendations to the user based on what they already like/dislike. We plan to use a variety of different word to vector algorithms that we learned in class (ex. Bagofwords, W2V, GloVe) to see how these different algorithms may produce a different final result. We will run dimensionality reduction on our dataset with TSNE or PCA, and then then we will implement the 4 ML algorithms (DBScan, SVM, XgBoost, and Random Forest) and then graph it in 2D. For post evaluation, we will check our results using confusion matrices and precision. We will start the project so that it will only take in one movie input and spit out a recommendation, but we want to build it up to take in an input list. We believe that learning this recommendation technique based on machine learning will be super useful because of it widespread use in the current industry, from Social Media clickbaits to targeted advertisements.
# Future Improvements 
Some future plans for this project we would like to do include creating applications for people to obtain recommendations for movies based on their preferences.
